.TH matrix.conf "5" "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
matrix.conf \- matrix.pl configuration file
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBmatrix.conf\fR is the setup configuration file for matrix.pl if you want to
add an html frontend to \fBdbeacon\fR's dumped xml file. Configuration variable
are perl variables, used to dynamically modify the behavior of matrix.pl
.SH CONFIGURATION VARIABLES
.TP
\fB$dumpfile\fR = \fIstring\fR;
Required variable. The path to dbeacon's xml dump file.
.TP
\fB$historydir\fR = \fIstring\fR;
This is where the history round robin database (rrd) will be stored. Be sure to
have enough place to store it (about 30Mb per tuple (source/destination)).
.TP
\fB$verbose\fR = \fIinteger\fR;
Set it to 1 if you want a verbose output of the xml file parsing.
.TP
\fB$title\fR = \fIstring\fR;
The title of the generated html page. It can be anything as long as it respect
the html syntax.
.TP
\fB$page_title\fR = \fIstring\fR;
The page title of the generated html page, that is the title which appears in
the titlebar of your browser.
.TP
\fB$default_hideinfo\fR = \fIinteger\fR;
Whether you want or not to display the IPv4/IPv6 source info on the web page by
default.
.TP
\fB$default_what\fR = \fIstring\fR;
The default matrix view on the html page, different view are 'asmorssm',
'both', 'asm'.
.TP
\fB$history_enabled\fR = \fIinteger\fR;
Whether you want or not to enable rrd history logging. This option requires the
RRDs perl module (lib-perl-rrds) in Debian.
.TP
\fB$css_file\fR = \fIstring\fR;
Specify a CSS file to be used instead of the embedded default.
.TP
\fB$dump_update_delay\fR = \fIinteger\fR;
The delay between each dbeacon xml dump. This is used to detect out of date
data.
.TP
\fB$flag_url_format\fR = \fIstring\fR;
A format that specifies the base URL to be used for displaying flags.
.TP
\fB$default_ssm_group\fR = \fIstring\fR;
The default SSM joining channel used by dbeacon.
.TP
\fB$debug\fR = \fIinteger\fR;
Used for debugging.
.TP
\fB$matrix_link_title\fR = \fIinteger\fR;
Displays a tooltip for each matrix cell that shows the current row/column
crossing. This option is only available when $history_enabled is 1.
.TP
\fB$default_full_matrix \fR = \fIinteger\fR;
Whether you want to have a condensed or a full view of the matrix by default.
.TP
\fB$faq_page\fR = \fIstring\fR;
The base URL for the Frequently Asked Questions page.
.SH BUGS
Should be reported to the core developer Hugo Santos <hugo@fivebits.net>.
.SH HISTORY
\fBmatrix.conf\fR is the configuration file from matrix.pl and is a joint work of Hugo Santos, Sebastien Chaumontet and Mickael Hoerdt. It has been done in the early days of the m6bone, when nobody knew if the SPTs or RPTs were being used between hosts and also to evaluate the performance and deployment of SSM.
